This is the protocol used in networked games,
currently in early alpha state, and is subject to changes;
see the following changelog for more info:

2024/04/19:
	first draft

2024/04/20:
	second draft, added explict mentioning of winner and loser

2024/04/28:
	third draft, minor changes

2024/05/06:
	send WAIT to client who should wait for their turn.

2024/05/13:
	send ERR WAIT if a client sends messages (other than q or EOF)
	outside of their turn
	
2024/05/14:
	insist upon '\n' on writes, ascii → ASCII

------
notes:
	currently there isn't a way to select settings
	or if you'd like to play with AI or human,
	i'd like to later add a handshake message
	which allows some degree of customizition
	while also rejecting connections made by "non-clients"

------
client and server notice each other of events (e.g, a move) using messages
messages ALWAYS end in \n (newline, 0xa in ASCII).

A session begins with a connection to the server,
you will be greeted with:
CONN n

where n is the connection number;
currently, first user gets to play as "the trapper",
while the second one plays as "the glenda".
there will be a way to select the player
you are playing as in next revisions.

afterwards, if there is no players are online to play with,
you will recieve the following message:
WAIT

clients SHALL not send any other messages into the connection
until the servers sends the next message.

once another client have been connected, you will receive:
INIT

which will indicate a new game has started,
followed by one or more lines in the form of:
w x y

and exactly one:
g x y

first message (w) means there is an wall in location x, y in the grid.
while the other one (g) means glenda's location is in x, y in the grid.

once location of glenda and all walls have been sent, you shall recieve:
SENT

clients afterwards may announce to the user that, the game has started.
next, the player whose turn is to play will be sent:
TURN

while the other player shall wait until their turn and shall be sent:
WAIT

if client whose turn is to wait, sends a message they will be warned with:
ERR WAIT

unless the message is q or EOF (0x0 in ASCII), which means the other client is disconnected.

"trapper" is expected to put a wall, in a empty (no glenda nor wall there) cell,
with the following message:
p x y

if there is a wall in x, y in the grid, client will be warned with:
WALL x y

or if glenda is there,
GLND x y

where x and y is the same as user input, re-printed to aid debugging.

"glenda" shall move in one of six directions NE, E, SE, SW, W, and NW
(which means, north east, east, south east, south west, west and north west respectively)
in the following format:
m d

where D is one of six direction (NE, E, ...)
after a sucessful move both clients are notified with SYNC message;
if move have been done by "trapper":
SYNC t x y

where t is the turn number and x, y are the position of new wall.

if "glenda" have been moved:
SYNC t d

where t is turn number and d is the direction (NE, E, ...).

game will contiune until either "glenda" manages to escape the map,
or "trapper" sucessfully traps "glenda". if a game has ended or not is decided by the server.

clients should not end the game before server tells them to do so,
once the game is over, server will report it as:
WON

or:
LOST

on the respective players.

once a game is finished, server closes connections to both clients.
clients willing to play another match must reconnect.
